#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Kids (English)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/discoverykidseng.m3u8
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverykidseng_540p/index.m3u8
https://idvd.multitvsolution.com/idvo/discoverykidseng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Kids (Hindi)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/discoverykidshindi.m3u8
https://itvorigin.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoverykidshindi_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Kids
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DiscoveryKidsEng-a/playlist.m3u8
https://itvorigin.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/DiscoveryKidsEng_540p/index.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Channel (English)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/discoveryeng.m3u8
https://itvorigin.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoveryeng_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Channel (Hindi)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/discoveryhindi.m3u8
https://itvorigin.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoveryhindi_540p/index.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Channel
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DiscoveryEng-a/playlist.m3u8
https://itvorigin.multitvsolution.com:443/idvo/discoveryban_540p/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,Discovery ID (English)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/investigationdiscovery.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery ID
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/Investigation_Discovery-a/playlist.m3u8


#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Science (English)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/discoverscienceeng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Science (Hindi)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/discoversciencehindi.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Science
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DiscoverScienceHindi-a/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Turbo (English)
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/turboeng.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Turbo
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/live/TurboEng-a/p4.m3u8


https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/aphdhindi.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/APHDHindi-a/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/tlchdhindi.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/tlceng.m3u8


http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/TLCHDHindi-a/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/tlchd.m3u8

https://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/TLC_HD-a/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/banglatimetv.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/BanglaTimeTV-f/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/khushboo.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/KHUSHBOO-f/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/newstimebangla.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/NewsTimeBangla-c/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/rplusgold.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/RPlusGold-e/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Maha Movie
https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/mahamovie.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1 ,Maha Movie
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/MahaMovie-e/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/orangetv.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/OrangeTV-b/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/housefullmovies.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/Housefullmovies-f/playlist.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/9xo.m3u8

http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/9XO-b/playlist.m3u8

https://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in//live/WowCinema-d/p4.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/wowcinema.m3u8

https://streamitv.multitvsolution.in/idvo/manoranjantv.m3u8


#EXTM3U
#EXTINF:-1,Akaash Aath (Opt-02)
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/AkashBangla-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,RPlus Gold
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/RPlusGold-e/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Orange Bangla
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/OrangeTV-b/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,DD Bangla
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DDBangla-c/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,RPlus News
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/RPlus-e/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Bangla Time
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/BanglaTimeTV-f/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,News Time Bangla
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/NewsTimeBangla-c/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Khushboo TV
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/KHUSHBOO-f/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,DD Assam
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DDNorthEast-c/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,DD Odia
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DDOdia-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Kids
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DiscoveryKidsEng-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Housefull Movies
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/Housefullmovies-f/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Maha Movie
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/MahaMovie-e/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,MK Six
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/MKSix-b/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,DD Kisan
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DDKisan-c/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Channel
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DiscoveryEng-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Jeet
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/Investigation_Discovery-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Science
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/DiscoverScienceHindi-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,Discovery Turbo
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/live/TurboEng-a/p4.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,TLC HD World
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/TLCHDHindi-a/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,9xO
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/9XO-b/playlist.m3u8
#EXTINF:-1,MK Tunes
http://streamidvo.multitvsolution.in/MKTunes-f/playlist.m3u8


